hey guys it's Rachel and today we are
making some adorable Christmas tree
cupcakes these are so cute and they are
great last-minute holiday treats too
because they are so easy to make stuff
let's get started
to start off our chocolate cupcakes
first you're going to need a stick of
butter and to that I'm going to add two
ounces of semi-sweet chocolate you can
see I've just chopped these up into
smaller chunks so they melt more evenly
then I'm going to go ahead and take this
over to the microwave and microwave at
15-second intervals until it's nice and
smooth and glossy this recipe is great
because uses both melted chocolate and
cocoa powder so you get a really deep
chocolatey flavor moving on to our dry
ingredients first you're going to need
3/4 cups of flour along with I 1/2 cup
of cocoa powder 1/2 teaspoon of baking
soda 3/4 teaspoons of baking powder and
1/4 teaspoon of salt then go ahead and
give this a whisk
now a nice upper boil you're going to
need two eggs at room temperature and
I'm going to add an 1/2 cup of white
sugar along with a quarter cup of brown
sugar and a teaspoon of vanilla extract
and then you're going to whisk this up
this recipe is great because you can mix
it all up by hand and you really don't
have a stand mixer then I'm going to
take our delicious looking cooled
chocolate and go ahead and add it to the
eggs and then whisk that up too once
that is all nice and smooth
we're going to add in half the dry
ingredients and just mix that up then
I'm going to add in a half cup of
buttermilk and I don't know about you
guys but I almost never have buttermilk
on hand so I just mix 1/2 cup of regular
milk with one and a half teaspoons of
vinegar then I'm going to add in the
rest of the dry ingredients and mix
those in too and you can see you'll have
a really thick batter almost like a
chocolate pudding then go ahead and
divide this evenly between 12 cupcake
liners I've been looking for the perfect
chocolate cupcake recipe for so long and
these are great because they bake up so
evenly and most importantly they have a
great chocolate flavor then I'm just
going to bake these up at 350 for about
18 minutes and once they come out of the
oven they will smell so good and they
look great too now I'm just going to
take these out onto a cooling rack and
let them cool completely before we frost
them here you can see I've just whipped
up a buttercream icing and colored it
green and I'm loading it into a pastry
bag fitted with a star tip and by the
way the recipe for this buttercream will
be in the description box below so I'm
just going to pipe on the Christmas
trees now I'm just starting in the
center working my way around stacking
the icing and then coming to a point on
top
and since our trees need a star on top
I'm going to cut out some stars out of
some yellow fondant then I'm going to
add on some eyes and a mouth with a
black edible ink marker of course this
step is totally optional but I think it
makes our cupcakes extra cute and you
want to prepare twelve stars total now
I'm just going to place some confetti
sprinkles onto our cupcakes to look like
ornaments and then I'm going to top it
off with the star then just arrange on
your serving platter and you're done
alright guys our Christmas tree cupcakes
are all finished now and they look so
cute these make great last-minute
holiday treats because they use a lot of
ingredients I'm sure you already have in
your kitchen anyways I hope you guys
like this video I've been working on a
lot of really cool projects lately so
make sure you follow me on Instagram and
Facebook to hear all about it and I'll
see you guys next time bye guys
don't forget to subscribe for more cute
desserts and click here for more videos
talk to you soon